feat: Drop log body after record successfully parsed (#1268)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/resources/02-logpipeline.md

| **input.&#x200b;application.&#x200b;containers.&#x200b;include**  | \[\]string | Specifies to include only the container logs with the specified container names. |
| **input.&#x200b;application.&#x200b;dropLabels**  | boolean | Defines whether to drop all Kubernetes labels. The default is `false`. |
| **input.&#x200b;application.&#x200b;keepAnnotations**  | boolean | Defines whether to keep all Kubernetes annotations. The default is `false`. |

> | **input.&#x200b;application.&#x200b;keepRawBody**  | boolean | If the `log` attribute contains a JSON payload and it is successfully parsed, the `log` attribute will be retained if `keepRawBody` is set to `true`. Otherwise, the log attribute will be removed from the log record. Default is `true`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **input.&#x200b;application.&#x200b;keepRawBody**  | boolean | If the `log` attribute contains a JSON payload and it is successfully parsed, the `log` attribute is retained if `keepRawBody` is set to `true`. Otherwise, the log attribute is removed from the log record. Default is `true`. |
```

| **output.&#x200b;http.&#x200b;host.&#x200b;valueFrom.&#x200b;secretKeyRef.&#x200b;key**  | string | The name of the attribute of the Secret holding the referenced value. |
| **output.&#x200b;http.&#x200b;host.&#x200b;valueFrom.&#x200b;secretKeyRef.&#x200b;name**  | string | The name of the Secret containing the referenced value |
| **output.&#x200b;http.&#x200b;host.&#x200b;valueFrom.&#x200b;secretKeyRef.&#x200b;namespace**  | string | The name of the Namespace containing the Secret with the referenced value. |

> | **output.&#x200b;http.&#x200b;keepBody**  | boolean | If `false`, after successfully parsing the field `log` is removed from the log record. Default is `true`. |

Reviewer 2: It is not very clear which field gets parsed and which gets dropped, maybe:
```suggestion
| **output.&#x200b;http.&#x200b;keepBody**  | boolean | If the log payload contained in the `log` attribute was in JSON and was parsed successfully, the `log` attribute will not be dropped if `keepBody` is `true`, otherwise it gets removed from the log record. Default is `true`. |
```

Author: Attribute description updated
